Hello, I'm registered.
Hang up for me first
This gentleman
You have to register and go to the back line, don't cut the line.
Can't you see my child suffers from a fever?
Your child is just asleep, right?
It's okay at first glance
Will you die after playing for a while?
Exactly.
Our family is just a child, baby can't do it.
Whose child is not a baby?
You stink, are you coming?
Xiao Ming
Cut in line and you still hit people are you still a man?
There is a kind of punch, I will come
Thanks.
How much is the medical fee? I'll transfer it to you.
It's okay, I'm fine, you see.
Hey, that's right.
Why are you taking your child to see a doctor alone?
What about the child's father?
Contact your family to sign
If there is no problem, you can go.
Can you
Let your family keep me out with you?
I just got back to China.
No one to contact
Then I'll do it.
Hello brother-in-law
It's my one today.
Don't worry, my brother-in-law will pick me up soon.
My brother-in-law is handsome and rich.
And the company is worth billions
Although
He was divorced.
But who asked my sister to write
Your brother-in-law
What's your name?
His name is
That
brother-in-law
Jiangwan
We finally meet.
He is Miss Zhao Yun
My name is Jiang Satisfaction
Miss Zhou
Whose little boy is this, mother, little girl